1) HTML(HyperText Markup Language) is the publishing language of the world wide web. HTML supports  text, 
multimedia, and hyperlink

2) HTTP(Hypertext Transfer Protocol) is an  application-level protocol for distributed, collaborative, 
hypermedia information systems. It is a generic, stateless, protocol which can be used for many tasks 
beyond its use for hypertext, such as name servers and distributed object management systems, through 
extension of its request methods, error codes and headers

3) Middleware is responsible for recieving http requests and send responses to them. Middleware 
components are arranged in a chain know as the request pipeline. Also handles formating writing/reading 
cookies and other common problems

4) URL routing uses middleware to take care of matching url requests so that the components, called endpoints, 
can focus onn responses. the mapping between endpoints and URL is called a route 
(this is more effcient then common alternatives)

5) Dependency injection makes it possible to easily access services anywhere in the application, including middlecomponents.
objects that are managed by the ASP.NET core platform to avoid duplicating common features and coordinate between components.

6) model binding is the process of creating the objects that action methods and page handlers require using value 
data values obtained from the http request.

7) Razor pages are application frameworks, code and content are mixed to form self contained pages. 
Also can be used with mvc framework.

8) Entity framework core is a object-relational mapping(ORM) framework, which represents data stored in a relational database
as .NET objects. (can be used in any .NET core applicatio) Commonly used to access databases.

9) ASP.NET core identity is microsofts authentication and authorization framework. It is used to validate user credentials 
in ASP.NET core applications and restrict access to application features. 

10) ASP.NET core platform contains the low-level features required to recieve and process HTTP requests and create response.
There is a intergated HTTP server,  a system of middleware components to handle reques, and core features that the 
application depend on, such as url routing and razor view engine.  