1) the purpose of the null conditional operator is to detect/check for nulls in asp.net core. this can apply to both
value and reference types as they can both hold null.

2) null coalescing operator generally used to set the default value of a variable. It takes two operands, 
if the left operand is null, then the right operand is returned else the left operand.

3) while the null conditional operator checks for null a nullable type can be assigned a null value. 
nullable types makes it so regular reference types cannot be assigned null instead a nullable reference
type must be used if null values are possible.

4) Yes if you create a automatic property and initialize it with a value you can still change it later. Yes the
value can be changed in the constructor.

5) an object initializer allows you to create an object and specify its property values in a single step.
collection initializer allows the creation of a collection and its contents to be specified in a single step.

6) the is keyword performs a type test which tests that an object is of a specific type or has specific characteristics.

7) Extension methods are defined with the this keyword in front of the first parameter. It is within the same 
namespace as the class the extension applies to and is defined as static. public static int price(this cost)

8) implicit typing or type inference is done by defining a local variable without specifing the variable type, this is
done with the var keyword.

9) the default implementation of a interface is a way to define default implementations for properties and methods deefined by interfaces. 
This makes it possible to update interfaces without breaking the existing implementations of them.

10) asynchronous methods performs work in the background and notify you when its complete to allow your code to do other
things while the background work is performed. important tool for removing bottlenecks and allowing application to 
take advantage of multiple processors anf processor cores to perform work in parallel. Imporves overall perfomance.

11) when you use the await keyword you must also use the async keyword because 

12) the yield keyword signals to the compiler that the method in which it appears is an iterator block. 
The compiler generates a class to implement the behavior that is expressed in the iterator block.

13) the nameof() expression makes the compiler take responsibility for producing a name string.

